chore: remove storefront method (#340)
getnacelle/nacelle-js: .changeset/early-pigs-move.md

---
'@nacelle/storefront-sdk': patch
---

> Remove the storefront method as the default export for the SDK, a new instance of the `StorefrontClient` can be used instead.

Reviewer: Because the `Storefront` function was a named export, I think we should avoid using "default export" here:

```suggestion
Removed the `Storefront` function that initialized the Storefront SDK. Instead, the SDK is initialized by creating a new instance of the `StorefrontClient` class.
```
